[docs] Update overview page with up to date information about the plans (#9512)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/data-grid/overview/overview.md

> Visit the [installation guide](/x/react-data-grid/getting-started/#installation) to learn how to install the correct package version and dependencies.

The `DataGrid` presents information in a structured format of rows and columns. The data is displayed in a user-friendly, quick-to-scan and interactive way, enabling users to efficiently identify patterns, edit data, and gather insights.

The component comes in three different versions. One available under MIT license and two available under commercial license.

### MIT version (Free forever)

> The first version is meant as a stronger alternative to [data tables](/material-ui/react-table/#sorting-amp-selecting); It's a clean abstraction with basic features like pagination, sorting and filtering single columns, and column groups.

Author: ```suggestion
The first version is a stronger alternative to [data tables](/material-ui/react-table/#sorting-amp-selecting); a clean abstraction with basic features like editing, pagination, sorting and filtering single columns, and column groups.
```
